Name: Carlos Alvarenga <br> 
Email: alvar357@umn.edu

The four following python files compose the overall DNS client-server program:
- **default_server.py** (default local DNS server program)
  - Run with the command line argument 'python default_local.py <server_id> <server_port> <default mapping file> <server.dat default DNS servers list file>'
- **root_server.py** (root DNS server program)
  - Run with the command line argument 'python root_server.py <server_id> <server_port> <default mapping file> <server.dat default DNS servers list file>'
- **dns_servers.py** (server program for .com, .org, .gov servers)
  - Run by the command line argument 'python dns_servers.py <server_id> <server_port> <default mapping file> <server.dat default DNS servers list file>'
- **client.py** (client program)
  - Run with the command line argument 'python client.py <client_id> <server_ip> <server_port>'

### Guidelines and assumptions
- Python version 2.7 in the cse lab machines is used.
- The client program (i.e. client.py) is always started after the default local
  DNS server (default_local.py) has been started. It should be run with
  request messages only after all 5 servers have been started.
- The server_port argument provided to client.py is the same as the server_port
  argument provided to default_server.py. Moreover, this port number must be
  5352 since that's the designated port number for the default local DNS sever.
  Similarly, the client.py server_ip should be '127.0.0.1'.
- A message request string is always entered in the client program when prompted
  for a message request (i.e. no blank messages).
- The server_port argument provided to root_server.py must be 5353 since that's
  the designated port number associated with the root DNS server.
- The correct mapping file is provided to the .com, .org and .gov programs
- Pressing ctrl-c for a DNS server program indicates that it be shut down.
  - This command MUST be given to the default_local DNS server (default_server.py).
    When this command is typed for the default_local DNS server, it sends a
    broadcast message 'shutdown' to all servers and connected clients, closes
    all socket connections and shuts down all server programs by terminating them.
  - If this is typed for a DNS server that's not the default one, the broadcast
    message is still sent to all the servers and all sockets are closed. All
    server programs except for deault_local.py are shut down as usual. Due to
    threading, the default local server must be subsequently manually shut down
    by ctrl-c to properly shut down and terminate the entire DNS program.
  - When a default local DNS server is shut down, connected clients will still
    prompt users to enter a message. However this message is discarded and the
    client program is immediately terminated once a message is entered since the
    server has already been shut down and the socket was closed.
- Since the broadcast message sent to indicate server shutdown is 'shutdown',
  it's assumed that the client never manually enters 'shutdown' in the command
  line prompt.
- The log files are overwritten each time the program is run. Thus, log files
  aren't appended to each time the program is run.

The included log files were generated by running the following arguments to
kickstart the programs:
- python default_server.py default_local 5352 com.dat server.dat
- python root_server.py ROOT 5353 com.dat server.dat
- python dns_servers.py com 5678 com.dat server.dat
- python dns_servers.py org 5679 org.dat server.dat
- python dns_servers.py gov 5680 gov.dat server.dat
- python client.py PC1 127.0.0.1 5352
- python client.py PC2 127.0.0.1 5352
